Fix CONTRIBUTING.md to reflect correct CLI args (#241)
user-cont/colin: CONTRIBUTING.md

}
```

> And we would just call colin and point it to the directory containing `/tmp/external_checks/checks.py`:

Reviewer: I am not sure if we now need the file example. What about removing it since we have an example bellow?

Author: I only see one example related to calling colin on external checks?

Reviewer: I mean that we can remove the example path above since we have full example bellow.

Something like this:
```suggestion
And we would just call colin and point it to the directory containing python files with checks:
```

Author: Sounds good, will update my commit.
